[ALARM BLARING]
[GRUNTING]
GUARD 1: There they are!
Get 'em!
-GUARD 2: We'll get 'em!
-GUARD 1: C'mon, what are you
waitin' for?
Move out! Move out!
GUARD 3: Hey what the hell's
going on here?
-GUARD 4: Out of the way!
-[TIRES SCREECHING]
Hey, what's the matter
with this thing?
-GUARD 5: I don't get it.
-GUARD 4: What the hell?
[SHRIEKING]
[TIRES SCREECHING]
GUARD 6: Where did you
three learn to drive anyway?
[BOTH LAUGHING]
I've never seen so much money
in all my life.
We're both billionaires!
Watch it!
I can't see to drive.
JIGEN: We're not just
living on easy street.
Hell! We can buy it!
[BOTH LAUGHING]
LUPIN: Huh? I shoulda known
it was too good to be true.
Something the matter, boss?
-Let's dump it.
-Huh?
You heard me, Jigen, dump it.
The money's counterfeit.
You mean, we...
Impossible.
Can't be. That casino's owned
and operated by the government.
It's great work.
I'll say. If it's good enough
to fool the government...
It's the greatest job
of counterfeiting
I've ever seen.
We gotta find out who's
making this stuff,
and then we'll move in
and take over!
[LAUGHING]
-Come on Jigen,
don't you get it?
-JIGEN: Yeah!
LUPIN: At last, I found
a challenge worthy of my talent!
[BOTH LAUGHING]
JIGEN: All I can say is
I sure hope you know
what you're doing, boss.
[JAPANESE SONG PLAYING]
Ciao, signore.
Grazie.
LUPIN: So this is Cagliostro.
I never knew this place
even existed 'til we started
working on this caper
I couldn't even find this
country on the road map.
It's the world's
smallest nation.
The total population here
is only 3,500.
What makes you think
this is where the counterfeit
money came from?
First, I figured out where it
couldn't have come from.
Purely a process of elimination.
So, where do we go from here?
I haven't figured
that part out yet,
but trust me,
my intuition never fails.
JIGEN: Well, wake me when
we get there, will ya?
If we get there...
Jigen.
JIGEN: I know, I know.
Okay, you ready?
[BOTH GRUNTING]
[LUPIN CHUCKLES, JIGEN GROANS]
[BIRDS CHIRPING]
[SIGHS] Beautiful day.
JIGEN: Uh-huh.
[ENGINE REVVING]
[TIRES SCREECHING]
LUPIN: Hm?
JIGEN: Watch it!
-What the hell?
-Get in!
JIGEN: We don't even know why
they're chasing her, so...
-Who do we help?
-The girl!
Shoulda known.
I can hit his tire from here.
Go ahead.
[JIGEN SCREAMS]
[LUPIN SCREAMS]
[BOTH GRUNTING]
[JIGEN GASPING]
Hey! Those are
bulletproof tires!
Grenades!
Damn!
-We gotta get
around 'em somehow.
-Yeah, here goes!
-[LUPIN GROANS]
-[BIRD CHIRPING]
Get ready!
This armor-piercing bullet
should do it.
[MAN SCREAMS]
Yeah!
[HORN HONKING]
Oh, no!
She's passed out.
What are we gonna do, boss?
Jigen, take the wheel.
Whatever you say.
[LUPIN GRUNTS]
[GASPS]
[TIRES SCREECHING]
[LUPIN GRUNTS]
-[TIRES SCREECHING]
-[JIGEN GRUNTS]
-[LUPIN GRUNTING]
-[ENGINE SPUTTERING]
Whoa. [SCREAMS]
[GROANS]
[EXCLAIMING]
[GRUNTS]
[INHALES DEEPLY] Phew.
[WIND BLOWING]
[MOANING SOFTLY]
[SHRIEKS]
Hey, come on, cut it out!
I don't think you understand
our situation here.
[CLARISSE GASPS]
-Oh, no!
-Phew.
Don't panic,
everything's under control.
-[CLARISSE SCREAMING]
-Yikes!
[BOTH GRUNTING]
[GROANING]
Are you all right? Wake up.
[LUPIN GROANING]
Are you okay?
There now, come on.
Good.
-[GASPS]
-[MOTORBOAT ENGINE CHUGGING]
I'm so sorry,
I can't stay here.
There she is!
[GROANS]
JIGEN: You okay, boss?
LUPIN: Oh.
What happened to the girl?
Over there, on that boat.
-LUPIN: Oh.
-JIGEN: They got her.
[MOTORBOAT ENGINE CHUGGING]
Damn it.
[GRUMBLES]
Well, we did our best.
Right, boss?
What's up, boss?
I've seen this emblem before.
Yeah. Hmm.
I don't get it, boss. Why all
this interest in a stupid ring?
[GROANS]
What's the big deal?
-LUPIN: Uh-huh.
-JIGEN: What?
It's just another
deserted old castle, boss.
Whoa.
The same emblem that
was on that ring. Huh.
This place has seen better days.
Must've burned down.
Tough break.
WALTER: What are
you doing here?
I'll have you know this is
private property, young man!
LUPIN: We didn't mean
any harm, old fellow.
We're just tourists
taking in the sights.
Didn't this used to be
the royal palace?
What do you mean, "used to be"?
It's still a royal palace.
And it's not opened to tourists.
JIGEN: If this is
the royal palace, I gotta say,
the royal family don't have
very good housekeepers.
Can't you foreigners
show a little respect?
Our beloved prince was killed
when the castle burned down.
It's been deserted ever since.
I'm sorry to hear you lost
your ruler, old fella.
So, tell me,
who's running the country?
We have a new ruler, thank you.
You can save your sympathy.
Now get out.
Thanks a lot!
Hey, where you goin'?
[CLOCK TOWER BELL DINGING]
[SIGHS] Time sure has
a way of flying by...
She's all grown up now.
Well, what is it?
You're holding out on me.
Ji...
[CHOKING]
You're choking me.
Either you're gonna tell me
what's going on here
or I'm gonna break you in two!
[GASPING]
LUPIN: [GROANING]
All right! All right! You win!
-Okay, talk!
-Okay, okay!
JIGEN: The way
you've been acting,
I just knew
you must've been here before.
LUPIN: It all started
about ten years ago.
At that time the royal family
had a lot of money.
And you know how
I've always been attracted to
people who have a lot of money.
Well, there's one thing
that hasn't changed.
The castle of Count Cagliostro.
I should have realized
he was behind the whole thing!
JIGEN: So how does
the girl figure
into all of this?
Well, I wasn't really
sure myself until now.
-Take a look over there.
-Hm?
JIGEN: What am I supposed
to be looking at?
LUPIN: In the water,
over there to your right,
beyond the bridge.
JIGEN: The boat
we saw this morning.
The girl must be
in the castle. Hm.
The locals call it
the Black Hole.
Once you're in,
you never come out.
You must've found a way out.
You're still here.
LUPIN: It was
the closest call in my life.
I was just lucky to
get out in one piece.
I don't mind telling you,
I was scared.
You ran away?
I was just a kid.
I got... all mixed up.
Actually... I don't
want to talk about it, Jigen.
[AUTOGYRO WHIRRING]
Well, well, well,
speak of the devil.
LUPIN: That's Count Cagliostro's
custom-built autogyro.
I wonder where he's been?
You think he's mixed up
with the counterfeit money?
That goes without saying.
Well, let's get out of here.
But, uh...
How could she
have gotten away?
JODOT: When time came for her to
change into her wedding dress,
the guards had to
leave the room, naturally.
As soon as the guards were
gone, she went out the window.
COUNT: So, where is she now?
JODOT: She was returned
to the tower and sedated.
The... The drug will keep her
asleep for several hours.
COUNT: I was told that two men
tried to help her escape.
Who were they?
Well, we're not sure, sire.
All we know about them so far,
is that they're foreigners.
Find them, and dispose of them.
You know what to do.
COUNT: That will be all.
Hm?
The ring is gone!
What have you done
with that ring?
[GRUNTS]
Jodot!
-[INDISTINCT CHATTER]
-MAN: Hey, Rosie!
Come on up here. Let's party.
[INDISTINCT CHATTER]
LUPIN: Mmm-hmm.
It's inscribed with
ancient hieroglyphics.
So, can you read it?
LUPIN: "Light will rejoin shadow
and live again."
Signed, Goto.
And a date in Roman numerals.
1517.
That was almost
five hundred years ago.
-WAITRESS:
Enjoy your meal, gentlemen.
-JIGEN: Mmm.
Looks delicious!
I couldn't help but notice that
ring you have, sir.
This? I found it earlier today.
You think it's worth anything?
Well, it might be.
I see it bears the emblem
of our princess.
Your princess?
Yes, that's her picture
over the bar.
She was just a little girl
when she went away.
She returned a gorgeous lady.
She was away?
Yes, at the university.
She just returned yesterday
to get ready
for the big wedding.
She's going to
marry Count Cagliostro.
A royal wedding!
So that explains why you have
so many tourists in town.
I think
the wedding's a big mistake.
The Count has a bad
reputation as a womanizer.
So do I. Matter of fact.
What time you get off
work, sweetheart?
-[GIGGLING]
-Rawr!
She's a Capricorn, he's a Libra.
Did you see
that guy spying on us?
No.
What's wrong?
I wanna know
what's going on here, pal.
What are you talkin' about?
You knew
that girl was a princess
from the very beginning,
didn't ya?
Hmm. I forgot to tell ya.
-[INSECTS CHIRPING]
-[DOGS BARKING]
What was
the inscription on that ring?
Something about light
and shadow joining?
Mmm-hmm.
Douse that light,
we got visitors.
[BLOWS]
[CHUCKLES, GASPS]
[MAN YELLS]
[BOTH GRUNTING]
[GRUNTING]
Hey what is this?
A tour group from hell?
[GRUNTING]
JIGEN: Look at that, these
guys are bullet proof!
We're in trouble, bucko.
[GRUNTING]
We gotta get outta here.
[LUPIN CHUCKLES]
[GROANING]
[BOTH YELLING]
[BOTH GRUNTING]
[ENGINE STARTS]
[ALL YELLING]
[GRUNTING]
[MEN SCREAMING]
Wow, who were those guys?
Obviously,
professional assassins.
I think we're on to something.
Now things are
getting interesting.
COUNT: This is disgraceful work.
It's crude and amateurish.
Totally unacceptable!
It's because of the rush.
We've never had to
make so many bills
in so short a time before.
No excuses.
Make new engravings immediately.
At once, sir.
-Who's there?
-[GASPS]
JODOT: 'Tis I, sire.
COUNT: Well, what do you want?
I've received a report
on the two foreigners.
Somehow, they've managed
to escape.
I sent twelve of our best men
after them, but, uh...
Jodot, there's something
stuck on your back.
What? Uh...
I, uh... What the...
Lupin?
[WHISPERING] What? It can't be!
JODOT: It seems to be
a message for you, sire.
Well?
JODOT: "You son of a..."
Oh, dear.
Go ahead, read it.
Uh... "I hate to spoil
your wedding plans,
"but I'm going to
steal your bride.
"It would be
a waste of your time
to try to stop me."
That's the Wolf all right.
-JODOT: Who?
-[COUNT CHUCKLES]
An old friend of mine.
I never thought
that he'd return.
But this time...
I'm ready for him.
Long time no see, pal.
Glad you can join us.
What's the job?
Goemon's here.
We're starting to
see some action now.
Go take a look.
It's the International Police.
Hey!
Our old friend,
Inspector Zenigata. Mmm.
Now that he's here,
we can start the show.
-[CLASSICAL MUSIC PLAYING]
-JODOT: There's a gentleman
here to see you, sir.
COUNT: Very well,
show him in.
JODOT: Yes, sir.
-[DOOR OPENS]
-The Count will
see you, sir, come in.
Pardon the intrusion, Count.
I'm Inspector Keibu Zenigata
of Interpol.
I'm in your country
on a special assignment.
How can I help you?
Actually, I'm on the trail
of an international thief
known as Wolf.
He's number one on our list
of most wanted criminals.
COUNT: And what does this
have to do with me?
We have reason to believe
he's here in your country.
It has something to do
with your wedding.
And we've come
to offer protection.
[BELL DINGS]
While I appreciate your concern,
my own people provide me
with all the security
I need, Inspector.
Your orders, m'lord?
Gustav, I want you and your men
to cooperate with
the inspector in every way.
-Sire.
-Strictly off the record,
Wolf isn't a kidnapper,
what do you think
he's really up to here?
Well,
unless I'm mistaken,
that's what you're
being paid to find out.
[SCOFFS] Thanks for your help.
COUNT: You're more
than welcome, Inspector.
We must never underestimate
Zenigata, sire.
He bears watching.
Don't worry, I have cultivated
a lot of friends at Interpol.
We have nothing
to fear from him.
[SLURPS]
LUPIN: Inspector Zenigata,
what a guy.
Nothing gets past him.
There he is now,
and he's checking the security.
ZENIGATA: You guys could
hold off an army
with these fortifications.
But what would you do if he...
That's as far
as I will allow you to go.
-Why?
-GUSTAV: Allow me
to demonstrate.
Motion detectors
activate the laser guns.
You should warn
your men about them.
Pretty elaborate
security system, isn't it?
Too elaborate.
Makes me wonder
what our friend
the Count is hiding.
[SPITS]
What's the plan?
We gotta get
the princess out of there.
She can tell us what the message
in that ring is all about.
Do you know any more about
the Count's private army?
Well, other than the fact
that they're bullet proof,
they're just like
any other goon squad.
With my armor piercing bullets
and that samurai sword of yours,
we should be able to
take care of them
without any problem.
So, have you figured out how
we're gonna get in there yet?
LUPIN: It'll be tough.
The perimeter's protected
by radar and laser guns.
Oh, boy.
We could sure use a tank.
Wolf, why did you call Zenigata?
What? You're the one
that called him in?
That's right,
all part of the plan.
You have a very unusual
way of thinking.
LUPIN: The security
around the castle's airtight,
but there is
an underwater aqueduct
between here and there
that's not covered by the radar,
and that'll get us
on to the grounds.
The pre-wedding banquet should
be in full swing by now,
so we can take advantage
of all the commotion.
Okay, keep us covered, Goemon,
and maybe we'll bring you back
a piece of the wedding cake.
[LUPIN GRUNTING]
[GASPS]
Hmm, after you, boss.
Here we go.
[COGS RATTLING]
[GASPS] Hey, boss,
can you hear me?
Where are you, boss?
[LASERS FIRING]
Boss, speak to me. I don't
know what to do now.
Hmm. Better head
back and pick up Goemon.
[CLASSICAL MUSIC PLAYING]
[ALL SLURPING]
[WINDMILL CREAKING]
Hmm. What's that windmill for?
Pulls in water from the river.
Where's the water come out?
Out of the fountain
in the battlement.
Come on, let's go!
We should've had
a full time guard
posted here, Captain!
Yes, sir, I see what you mean.
I don't know
how we overlooked it.
Inspector Zenigata,
we've got new orders
from headquarters.
They pulled us off the case.
What? They must be
out of their minds!
I'm not gonna stand for this!
ZENIGATA: You can't
pull us out now, sir,
Wolf is bound to show up.
I don't believe this.
What do you mean
the Count doesn't require
our protection any longer?
-We don't work for him!
-[LINE DISCONNECTS]
But, sir, I'm...
Don't hang up. Dang!
-[GRUMBLES]
-[RECEIVER THUMPS]
Come on. I'm gonna have
a few words with
our good friend, the Count.
Attaboy, you'll lead me
straight to the Count.
I demand to see Cagliostro!
Get out of my way!
Let me through!
GUSTAV: Nobody enters here
without my permission.
The Count gave us
explicit orders
not to let you in, Inspector.
[GRUMBLES] How can I protect him
without his cooperation?
You were ordered to
leave here, Inspector,
I suggest
you follow those orders.
[GRUMBLING]
How did you know
I was ordered to leave?
You see, I was the one
who delivered the message
from your headquarters,
just now.
[GRUMBLING]
Well, I guess that covers it.
Tell the men we're leaving.
Sir.
[GRUMBLES]
[GUSTAV CHUCKLES]
LUPIN: You there, guard!
I don't believe this. You idiot!
-You thought that was me,
didn't you?
-So what?
That was the Wolf
disguised to look like me
and you let him get away!
You better find him quick!
What if the Count finds out?
[GRUMBLING] After him!
-[LUPIN GRUNTS]
-[GUARDS CHATTERING]
GUARD: Come on!
[LUPIN CHUCKLING]
[LUPIN GASPS]
Come back here, Wolf!
ZENIGATA: What the...
You're not fooling us, Wolf!
Gustav?
What's the matter with you?
Have you gone out of your mind?
They're attacking
the inspector,
get him
the hell out of there, now!
[ALL CLAMORING]
Suckers! They fell for it.
You're letting Wolf
get away, you...
[PANTING]
Hmm.
Halt! You're under arrest!
[GASPS]
[GRUNTS]
[GASPING]
[SCREAMING]
Worked like a charm, sir.
JODOT: Right nice, Zenigata.
Too bad he didn't leave
when he was ordered to.
[SCOFFS]
Thanks, Inspector.
[CHUCKLES]
-You idiot, you're supposed
to be guarding the princess!
-[POLICE AND GUARDS CLAMORING]
-GUSTAV: But...
-No excuses!
Inspector Zenigata
was in the west wing.
What?
-GUSTAV: Uh-oh.
-JODOT: Oh, no.
-[SHRIEKS] Get me down
from here, you moron!
-GUSTAV: Watch it!
JODOT: When I tell the Count
about this, you'll never work
in this principality again!
COUNT: Unbelievable.
[LAUGHING]
Well, Jodot,
at least we know it works.
About Inspector Zenigata, sire.
Tell his men
he's returned to Paris
and left word
for them to join him.
Everything is going
according to my plan.
JODOT: Yes, sire.
[CAMERA SHUTTER CLICKING]
Good to see you, Fujiko.
Wolf.
You know, you're one
of the best-looking
cat burglars I ever met.
Get off it, Wolf,
I know why you're here.
I admit it,
I was looking for you.
I haven't seen you
in a year, Fujiko.
Wolf, don't lie to me,
you're here because
you're looking for the princess.
You know where she is?
I just might tell you
if you promise to let me
pull off my own caper.
I'll mind my own business,
really, I promise.
I'll bet.
She's at the top of the tower.
But I seriously doubt
that you'll be ever to get in.
Stop playing games, Wolf.
Where are you?
Wolf? Wolf!
[GRUNTING]
LUPIN: Oh!
Talk about
a secluded love nest.
[WIND WHISTLING]
[GRUNTING]
[STRAINING]
[PANTING]
[GRUNTS]
[HOOK LOCKS INTO PLACE]
[GRUNTING]
[SIGHS]
[LIGHTER CLICKING]
Come on!
[GASPING]
[SCREAMING]
[GRUNTING RAPIDLY]
[GRUNTING]
[STRAINING]
[HOOK LOCKS INTO PLACE]
[GRUNTING]
[WIND HOWLING]
[WIND WHISTLING]
Huh?
[CREAKING]
-[GASPS] Who's there?
-A thief,
and with your permission,
I've come to help.
If they find you here,
they'll kill you.
So we meet again.
Do you remember me?
You... You do seem vaguely
familiar somehow...
Remember this?
Seems you left it behind
the last time we met.
The man on the highway.
Why would you risk your life
to return my ring?
Danger is my middle name,
Your Highness.
I live for adventure.
I've come to rescue you
from the Count.
-You really mean it?
-Trust me.
There's no way
I could reward you.
Everything I owned
was lost in the fire.
I could give you my ring.
I've been told
it's worth a fortune.
-If you want it...
-A demon hid
my reward in this tower.
You can't be serious!
I'm in no position...
I'm not interested in your
money or jewels, Princess.
The only reward I want is what's
right here in front of me.
Me?
I pledge to be your hero.
Your knight in shining armor.
How romantic.
You really mean it, don't you?
Oh, my...
This is the kind of adventure
I dreamed about
having all my life!
I want no reward.
Would any true knight
accept a reward for
rescuing a beautiful princess?
No!
The opportunity of serving you
is reward enough.
Mmm-mmm.
You really think you
can get me out of here?
What am I saying?
We both know it's impossible.
No one can escape
from Count Cagliostro.
I know... you mean well,
but you have no idea how evil
Count Cagliostro really is.
I appreciate
your good intentions,
but you must leave now
while you're still alive.
Can't you see it's hopeless?
Well, obviously my Princess
has no confidence in me.
I've already
accomplished the impossible
by getting in to this tower
in the first place.
What more proof do you want?
If only you'd have faith in me,
no power in the universe
could stop me!
But if my lady fair
doesn't believe in me,
I can do nothing.
-But I do believe in you, Wolf!
-[SIGHS]
I promise you I'll never
doubt you again.
[LUPIN WHIMPERING]
[GASPS]
What's wrong?
[LUPIN STRAINING]
-LUPIN: Presto!
-Oh.
-Faith can work miracles.
Oh!
[CHUCKLING]
LUPIN: Now, do you know how
I'm gonna get us out of here?
'Cause if you do,
I sure hope you'll tell me.
Wolf!
[BOTH LAUGHING]
-[LUPIN] Hmm?
-[CLARISSE GASPS]
CLARISSE: Oh, no!
We'll never escape now.
[SCREAMS]
No! Let me go!
Wolf!
Look, I'm the one
the Count wants,
now leave her alone!
COUNT: Don't worry,
my gallant trespasser,
I assure you
the princess will not be harmed.
But you'll understand, however,
that I can't make
the same guarantee in your case.
It was very kind of you
to return my ring. Thank you.
You're a little confused,
that ring belongs
to the princess.
As the head of the family,
I'm the legal owner.
Not quite, she's not your
wife yet, my dear Count.
Oh, Wolf, if the ring
is all he wants,
I'll let him have it.
Don't let these guys
scare you, Clarisse.
I got 'em
right where I want 'em.
Be careful, Wolf!
Nah, don't worry
about me, Princess.
I got everything under control.
Okay? Now then,
I assume
you're all insured. Right?
I admire a man
with self-confidence.
However, in this case,
I'm afraid you have grossly
overestimated yourself, Wolf.
The game ain't over just yet.
In fact, it's only beginning.
No, Wolf,
this game is finished.
Oh, no.
[CHUCKLING]
You men can leave us now,
my fiancee and I need to have
a private discussion.
[CLARISSE WHIMPERING]
CLARISSE:: Wolf...
[CRIES]
JODOT: I shall await you
in the library, sire.
CLARISSE: I will not
marry a murderer!
How interesting,
already the seductress.
Must be in the blood.
[CLARISSE GROANS]
Pity, that from the beginning
our house has always
been divided.
Your branch
walked the path of light.
Mine, the path of darkness.
I know,
we live in two different worlds.
But that's over,
now that we are
going to be united,
we shall fulfill our destiny.
Five hundred years
of our family's history
have brought us to this moment.
We shall reap the rewards
promised to us
by the Cagliostro legend.
Let me go,
I'll never marry you!
It's no use, Clarisse, there's
no way to escape the prophecy.
Our fate was sealed by Goto,
our ancestor, when he
inscribed the ring you wear.
"Light will rejoin shadow
and live again."
You, Clarisse, are the light.
I am the shadow.
When we are joined
in holy matrimony,
the fabulous
treasure of Cagliostro
will be revealed to us.
Our dowry has been waiting
for 500 years,
and we hold the keys.
Now give me
your ring, Clarisse.
You hear me?
Don't force me to be violent!
I don't want to
hurt you, my dear,
but you're going to give me
that ring one way or the other.
-LUPIN: Hey Cagliostro!
-COUNT: Hmm?
-LUPIN: Is that any way
to treat a lady?
-CLARISSE: Oh.
Where is that coming from?
LUPIN: You see princess?
He doesn't love you.
He's only interested
in the family treasure.
I wouldn't give in to him
if I were you.
I won't!
[STRAINING]
Wolf, are you all right?
LUPIN: Don't worry
about me, I'm fine.
To find out
what the Count was up to,
I had to, uh,
drop out of sight,
but I'll be coming back to
rescue you, so keep the faith.
I will...
COUNT: Enough of that,
give me the ring!
-CLARISSE: No!
-COUNT: Yes!
Wretched female!
-[COUNT GRUNTS]
-[CLARISSE GROANS]
LUPIN: Sorry, Count,
I've still got the real ring.
[MOCK LAUGHTER]
I'm a fake. Not only that,
but I'm also wired
to self-destruct.
Here I go!
[GRUMBLES]
You son of a...
[GROANS]
-[CLARISSE CHUCKLES]
-COUNT: So you wanna
play games, do you?
[CHUCKLES] Hmm?
[LUPIN SCREAMING]
When I get my hands on you,
I'm gonna tear your head off!
-What do you think?
-He's gone.
Make sure.
There's no way
he can survive the fall,
Your Excellency,
and even if he did,
he would drown at the bottom.
Recover his body
and get the ring!
Uh... I'll send Gustav at once.
I'm pleased to inform you
that your would-be rescuer
is now deceased.
[LIGHT SWITCHES OFF]
[CONTRAPTION SQUEAKING]
[GRUNTS]
[WATER DRIPPING]
Gee, they've piled up a pretty
impressive collection of corpses
over the past 400 odd years.
"Japanese military spy Kawakami
died here in 1904."
[FOOTSTEPS APPROACHING]
[GRUMBLES]
ZENIGATA: Hmm?
Huh?
Wolf! Hold it right there!
You're under arrest, pal!
Gee, so glad you're safe, too.
All right, Mr. Wise Guy,
show me how to get out of here.
-I'm just as much
at a loss as you are.
-Huh?
Great.
In a way, we're both
sort of under arrest, Inspector.
Wolf! I'm in no mood for comedy.
We might as well
make the best of it.
We could be here
for a long time.
Excuse me, could I sit here?
You got a light?
What I want to know is where
all these corpses came from.
The Count couldn't have
killed all of them.
Read what's written
on the wall there.
ZENIGATA: Huh?
Well, all right,
I'll play along.
[LIGHTER CLICKS]
"Seek not to learn the secret
of the castle of Cagliostro."
Great, what the hell
is that all about?
LUPIN: It has something to do
with the hidden treasure.
You can bet it's a big one.
Well, I guess that explains
what you're doing here.
Have you found anything yet?
That's for me to know
and you to find out.
Unless you want to work
together on this thing.
Think it over and let me know.
By the way,
Fujiko is here too.
We can make a hell of a team?
[CLOCK TOWER BELL DINGING]
[WIND BLOWING]
[JIGEN SIGHS]
[SHIVERS]
He should have been back by now,
any sign of him?
No, but I'm not worried.
He'll find a way to let us
know if he needs us.
I'll keep watching.
[SNORING]
[BONES RATTLING]
[ALL GASPING]
[BOTH GRUNTING]
[BOTH GROANING]
[EXCLAIMS]
[GRUNTS]
JODOT: They should've found
that ring by now,
-where are they?
-Here they come now.
Ah. Here, give it to me.
SERVANT: Watch it!
[GASPS]
JODOT: Get me out of here!
SERVANT: Help me, sir,
I can't swim!
Don't let me drown!
JODOT: I'm warning you!
SERVANT: Don't leave me here!
JODOT: Let me out of here!
[JODOT SHOUTING INDISTINCTLY]
LUPIN: [GRUNTS]
Hmm. What do we have here?
-[ZENIGATA GASPS]
-LUPIN: Hmm.
Looks like we found the
source of the counterfeit money.
Look at all those
printing presses.
ZENIGATA: This is
the biggest operation
I've ever seen. [EXCLAIMS]
LUPIN: Best machines
money can buy.
I'm going down
for a closer look.
Puh-lease!
Huh?
These are Japanese yen!
Unbelievable!
Ooh. Take a look at this,
will ya?
German deutsche marks!
Huh? It's the best counterfeit
I've ever seen!
LUPIN: Look at these!
Swiss francs,
US dollars, rubles!
Geez, even Italian lira.
-Fake money
from every country in the world.
-[ZENIGATA GRUMBLING]
Do you know what this means?
Wolf! The world is at his mercy.
That's right.
This is how the Cagliostro
family's been able to build
a secret international empire.
The principality's been running
on phony money for centuries.
Goto's counterfeiting scheme
weakened all his enemies.
Seemingly insignificant
Cagliostro ruined
the Bourbon Dynasty
They caused
the 1929 Depression,
They've secretly controlled
global economics for centuries.
This is the source
of Cagliostro's stabled wealth,
a national counterfeiting ring
that has ruled
the world's economy through
conspiracies and assassinations.
We've gotta stop'em!
All right, you made your point.
As much as I hate it,
I'm willing to work
with you on this.
Good, 'cause he
can't be arrested.
You see, counterfeiting
isn't illegal in this country.
So what?
If we can't
deal with him legally,
we'll do it your way.
I always knew that deep down
you were my kind of man.
Oh, no, this truce of ours
is gonna be temporary.
As soon as this caper is over,
you're gonna be arrested, Wolf.
That's fair enough.
Put it there, partner!
Mmm... Nah, we're still enemies.
Excuse me, Princess,
I've come to say goodbye
and to apologize.
Apologize?
Because I haven't been
completely honest with you.
Uh... What's going on?
I was posing as your maid
to have the run of the castle,
in hopes of finding
the treasure.
But now that Wolf's here,
I know I don't stand a chance.
I'm better off outta here.
Whenever he's on the scene,
things have a way
of getting out of hand.
So, I'm leaving
before he blows the place up.
I was afraid that Wolf was dead.
FUJIKO: No such luck,
I'm afraid.
Why are you so concerned
about him, Princess?
It sounds like you're
falling in love with him.
-I... uh...
-Take my advice, sweetie.
Don't. He's a rat.
I think you're in love with him.
I was once.
-Years ago.
-Hmm?
-Looks like we got a fire.
-Oh, my!
There's the signal.
Now we're cooking with gas!
[ALARM BLARING]
GUSTAV:
Man your emergency positions!
You men, get the hoses!
[INDISTINCT CHATTER]
[COUGHING] The fire is located
in the cellar, Your Excellency.
Well don't just stand there,
you idiot!
Get the fire extinguishers!
Get down there and put it out!
-[FOOTSTEPS RECEDING]
-It seems
I've underestimated you, Wolf.
Hurry it up! It's not gonna
take those goons forever
to get down here.
We need evidence to prove this!
[ALL GRUNTING]
SERVANT: Careful, sir!
JODOT: Get down there, hurry!
GUSTAV: Egads!
Everybody with
fire extinguishers, move in!
[GRUNTING]
You told me
they were dead, Jodot!
I thought they were!
GUSTAV: After them!
[GRUNTING]
[MAN EXCLAIMS]
[GUARDS GROANING]
How do we get out of here?
ZENIGATA: This way.
[GASPS]
CLARISSE:
They're chasing two men,
one of them is Wolf!
-Can't make out the other.
-That's Inspector Zenigata,
and it looks like
he's helping Wolf.
[GRUNTING]
LUPIN: We're gonna
get you, Princess.
They're heading
for the autogyro.
SERVANT: Oh, no, you don't!
Come back here! [GROANS]
[GRUMBLES]
They're going to try to rescue
the princess with the autogyro.
Hurry up!
[PANTING] I hope you know
what you're doing.
[ENGINE STARTS]
GUSTAV: Stand and surrender!
We'll never make it.
[GRUNTING]
Wait for me! You...
SERVANT: You won't get away
with this, come back here!
Come back, I say...
[SHRIEKING]
Help!
Bon voyage!
We have to go back now
and pick up the princess!
What? You've gotta be
out of your mind.
I thought you knew that.
Oh, he'll be here any minute!
[GRUNTING]
[STRAINING]
FUJIKO: That's a waste of time.
Take cover.
Oh, no. So much for plan A.
Got any ideas, Princess?
Look, Fujiko, Wolf's
trying to tell us something.
FUJIKO:
He's heading up to the roof.
There they are!
Here, you fly this for a second.
Do what? I've never
flown one of these things!
LUPIN: Just fake it.
[GRUNTING]
Up here.
How do we get up there?
Maybe somebody has
a piece of rope, like Fujiko.
You knew I'd be here,
didn't you?
COUNT: Cover every exit.
[FUJIKO GRUNTS]
-[DOOR OPENS]
-Watch out!
Go!
[CLARISSE GRUNTS]
[GRUNTING]
[GRUNTS]
MAN: Look out!
[GUNSHOTS CONTINUES]
See there?
I kept my promise.
[GRUNTS]
[GRENADE CLATTERS, EXPLODES]
All right, Zenigata,
bring it down!
[LUPIN GASPS]
Easy...
[GROANS]
[GASPS]
CLARISSE: Wolf!
[GRUNTS]
-What happ... [GASPS]
-[GUNSHOTS]
We have you surrounded,
give up!
FUJIKO: Oh, yeah?
Oh. Looks like you got me.
Right, there is much we
have to discuss, Fujiko.
But first, get rid of our
uninvited guest, Jodot.
-Gladly.
-No! I won't move.
If you shoot him, you'll
have to shoot me, too!
Pity.
-[CLARISSE GROANS]
-[GUNSHOTS]
[WIND HOWLING]
Your courage
is impressive, bravo.
Now listen to me
very carefully, Clarisse.
If you'll marry me,
I'll let Wolf live.
Refuse me, and both of you
will die here and now.
The choice is yours, Clarisse.
Take the ring from Wolf,
bring it to me,
and I'll let him go.
You have my word.
You and I both know
if he doesn't receive
medical attention, he'll die.
Bring me the ring and I'll have
him taken care of immediately.
Wolf, let me have the ring.
No, Princess.
Don't do it. I... I'm all right.
I know where it is,
look under
the back of his lapel.
Huh?
I'm not that stupid.
I wouldn't hide it
in such an obvious place.
CLARISSE: Forgive me, Wolf.
All right, I have the ring,
but I swear
I'll throw it in to the lake
if any harm comes
to either Wolf or Fujiko.
If you want it,
you'll have to let them go.
You have my word on it.
Bring me the ring
and no harm will come to them.
Well, sire?
When she moves away, shoot him.
CLARISSE: Just remember,
if you don't keep your word,
I won't go through
with the wedding.
COUNT: Huh?
-Easy does it!
-[FUJIKO GRUNTS]
Shoot them down!
Oh, no! Stop!
COUNT: Come here, wench!
[BOTH GRUNTING]
You've caused me enough grief.
Now give me that ring
or I'll tear your finger off!
[STRAINING]
[LAUGHING]
Mine at last!
Oh. [GASPS]
COUNT: Your gallant thief won't
survive this time, Princess!
[COUNT LAUGHING MANIACALLY]
Sorry, Wolf, I've had
enough fun for one day.
Good luck.
[JIGEN GRUNTS]
Bail out!
We're not gonna make it!
Come on, jump!
Should have worn
an asbestos suit.
Hey, come back!
You're my only witness!
The best counterfeit
I've ever seen.
Extraordinary work!
It's a waste of time,
Cagliostro's too powerful.
That man is a criminal!
You've all seen the evidence!
What more do you want?
What are you afraid of?
Does he control
every delegate in this room?
I resent that insinuation!
ZENIGATA: Hmm?
May I remind you,
Inspector Zenigata,
we cannot meddle
in the internal affairs
of the sovereign nation
of Cagliostro!
I don't agree, this is no
political matter.
-It's criminal!
-MAN 1: Inspector!
There are far-reaching
policy matters involved here,
which of the least, Inspector,
you couldn't
possibly understand.
Have you seen
the morning papers, Inspector?
The coverage of
your so-called investigation
reads like a comic opera!
It says you were involved
with an international thief
in an attempt
to kidnap the Count's fiancee.
This cat burglar has made
a fool of you, Inspector!
You've ignored the evidence
I've brought back!
The counterfeit tells no proof
it was made by Cagliostro.
I'm testifying as an eyewitness!
What we have here is your
words against Cagliostro's.
And I believe the Count.
Everyone here agrees
that Count's reputation
is above suspicion.
This is a conspiracy by the
Americans to overthrow him.
We will not permit you
to use this forum as an excuse
for more of
your insidious propaganda!
The American CIA is behind this
whole thing, and we all know it!
MAN 2: Gentlemen, this not
the time or the place
for a political debate.
I'm warning you, Mr. Chairman...
INTERPOL CHAIRMAN:
Gentlemen, please!
[OVERLAPPING CHATTER]
All present
and accounted for, sir.
And we're ready for immediate
departure to Cagliostro.
Nevermind, Sam.
We're not going to Cagliostro,
we've been relieved
of our assignment
and ordered to go back home.
The chairman
ordered the case closed.
WALTER: It's me.
I brought you some food.
Thanks a lot.
He doing any better?
I think he's gonna make it.
We certainly
appreciate all your help.
I see old Karl
is helping you guard him.
JIGEN: Yeah, the dog seems to
have taken a real liking to him.
Hasn't left his side
for a minute.
WALTER:
He's a good judge of character,
-that's how I knew
I could trust you.
-LUPIN: Mmm.
My old buddy.
Hey, Goemon, he's awake!
How you doin', boss?
You really had us worried.
[LUPIN GROANS SOFTLY]
Jigen. Goemon.
You guys look like hell.
Well, at least you haven't
lost your sense of humor.
It's nothing
short of a miracle
that you're still
with us at all.
Oh, really.
Hey, Karl,
where is your mistress?
Why isn't she here with you?
Would you mind telling me
how you happen to know
that dog by name?
As far as I was aware,
only two people
knew Karl's name.
Myself and the princess.
Maybe I'm psychic.
Oh, boy, I guess
I must've been unconscious
for a pretty long while.
-How long?
-JIGEN: Three days, boss.
We thought for sure
you were a goner.
LUPIN: How many days?
Three.
[EXCLAIMS] That means
the wedding is tomorrow!
Come on, we're moving out!
Boss, you can't make it.
Can't make it?
We'll just see about that.
Come on!
[GROANING]
See? What'd I tell ya, boss,
you're too weak to travel.
[STRAINING] Bring me food.
I gotta build up my strength.
You're not movin'.
I won't let ya.
You gotta help me.
I can't let the princess
marry that jerk!
Oh, boy. What are we gonna do?
We're gonna feed him,
that's what.
[GRUNTING]
Slow down!
If you swallow without chewing
you're gonna get indigestion!
Please! I never had
indigestion in my life, Jigen!
JIGEN: No, no, no!
Don't do it!
You're gonna
choke yourself, spit it out!
LUPIN: I don't feel so good.
Are you okay?
He's gonna rest a while.
[INSECTS CHIRPING]
He sure is crazy
about that Princess...
I'm curious to know how you
got to know Her Highness
so well, Walter.
Years ago,
I was the palace gardener.
The princess used to come
visit the garden every day.
Our mutual love of nature
created a strong bond
between us.
When her father died,
and she went to live abroad,
she left Karl here, in my care.
Boy, that's quite a story.
Your friend, Wolf, and Karl
relate to each other
like old pals.
Yeah, when the boss
first saw him, he called him
"old buddy", remember?
It was ten years ago.
What was ten years ago?
The first time
I ever saw Clarisse.
I was just starting my career.
You know, a reckless kid
still wet behind the ears.
But I was naive.
I kept looking
for that big score.
The one heist
that would set me apart.
That's when I went after
the Cagliostro fortune.
Big mistake.
[GUNSHOTS]
[GROANING]
I barely made it to cover
before I collapsed.
It was a narrow escape.
[BARKING]
CLARISSE: What is it, Karl?
Did you find a rabbit?
[BARKING, GROWLING]
LUPIN: I started
turning on the charm,
but I guess a nine-year-old
is immune to
that sort of stuff.
Well, if I was going to die,
I was glad that
it was in the presence
of such innocence.
CLARISSE: I brought you
some water.
-What?
-Come on now.
Drink it down and then
I'll bring you some food.
LUPIN: She kept me hidden away,
and kept bring me food
and liquids every day
until I was strong enough
to make my getaway.
She was a real doll.
I never had a chance
to thank and her
and didn't even
tell her goodbye.
I never knew she was
part of the royal family.
I'm ashamed
to have forgotten her.
But seeing that ring
brought everything back to me.
JIGEN: So, that's how you knew
who the ring belonged to,
the kid was wearing it.
[GROWLING]
[ENGINE REVVING]
Special delivery.
LUPIN: It's from Fujiko!
"Archbishop from the Vatican
arrives to perform
Cagliostro wedding."
Hmm. [CHUCKLES]
[RINGING]
[ZENIGATA GROANING]
Inspector Zenigata.
Fujiko?
Wolf is going to be
at the wedding? No way!
I know you're off
the counterfeiting case,
but you still have orders
to catch Wolf, don't you?
Hmm. That's right,
just the chance I need.
[ENGINE REVS]
[INDISTINCT CHATTER]
[CAR HORN HONKING]
The Archbishop's here,
clear the way!
Forget it! Nobody can
get through this traffic jam.
WOMAN: Yeah, an avalanche
blocked the road.
This can't be the only road
that goes there.
If I miss the wedding,
you're fired.
WALTER: Did I hear correctly?
You're an archbishop?
Please, my little goat is sick.
-It would mean so much to me
if you'd give him your blessing.
-[BLEATING]
Heavenly Father, please make
this kid well again, Amen.
You live around here.
Is there some other way for us
to get to Cagliostro Castle?
Sure, the avalanche
detour is always clear.
That's great. Will you
show us how to get there?
He's performing the wedding.
ARCHBISHOP:
And I mustn't be late.
I'll get you there
on time, Archbishop.
[BLEATING]
[TIRES SCREECHING]
OFFICER: Heave!
[OFFICERS STRAINING]
There's two more
mountains to cross
before we get back
on to the road.
We're never gonna
make it at this rate!
-[BUS HONKING]
-[CROWD CHATTERING]
GUSTAV: The Count has
never allowed the news media
to enter the compound before.
It's necessary to show
the wedding on the television,
so the whole world
will know it's legitimate.
See?
The Archbishop has arrived.
Everything is on schedule.
When did you become
so religious?
We'd both better be praying that
Wolf doesn't show up tonight.
You'd better post double guards
on every entrance.
Right.
[INSECTS CHIRPING]
[BELL DINGING]
[CREAKING]
The time has come for
light to rejoin shadow.
Clarisse, come. Together
we shall fulfill our destiny.
[ORGAN PLAYING]
[INDISTINCT CHATTER]
ARCHBISHOP:
My children, I charge you
to present the evidence
which bears proof that
you are the legitimate heirs
to the Cagliostro family.
The exchanging
of these two rings
shall reunite a family
divided for centuries.
We are gathered here
to bear witness
to your agreement to be
joined as husband and wife
by the sacred vows
of holy matrimony.
By your own free will,
do you, Clarisse,
agree to this marriage?
If you choose to remain silent,
we shall assume
that your answer is yes.
All present shall bear witness
that the bride has
expressed her silent consent.
And do you, Count Cagliostro,
agree to this marriage?
COUNT: I do.
By the power vested in me,
-I now pronounce...
-LUPIN: Stop the ceremony
at once!
I will not permit this
marriage to go on.
It is an illegal
and unholy alliance,
tainted by treacherous deceit,
avarice and mendacity!
-[SLASHING]
-[ARCHBISHOP GASPS]
ARCHBISHOP:
Oh, no, it's falling!
Oh, my God!
[ALL SCREAMING]
Evil spirits.
Show your self!
I know it's you, Wolf!
You don't fool me!
Guard the princess
with your lives.
I will let no one come near her!
Do you hear me, Wolf?
Hold your positions, men.
And be prepared for anything.
LUPIN: I represent
the helpless victims
of 500 years of villainy,
brought about by the bloody
hands of the Cagliostros!
Stay calm, Princess.
Have no fear,
we can take care of him.
LUPIN: Let her go!
Do you hear?
Come with me now, Clarisse.
I am here to save you from
that monster's clutches.
[GUESTS CLAMORING]
A spirit from
the past has risen up
to put a stop to
the Count's wedding.
ASSASSIN 1:
The broadcast is over!
FUJIKO:
We're being attacked by a...
Let's go!
LUPIN: Look at her!
She's obviously been drugged!
This wedding is a total fraud
concocted by the Count
to give him complete control
of the Cagliostro treasure!
[ALL YELLING]
CLARISSE: Wolf! Oh, no!
-You murderers!
-ARCHBISHOP:
Everything he said is true.
The Count is a monster!
[COUNT LAUGHING]
Good work, men.
Now take care of his partners.
LUPIN: I'm not
quite finished, Count.
I haven't given you
my wedding present yet.
[MEN SCREAMING]
LUPIN: There's enough here
for everybody!
But... examine it carefully.
It's the counterfeit money
which the Count
has corrupted your leaders
and made all of you
his unwitting slaves.
Zenigata was telling the truth.
Your politicians lied to you.
[GRUMBLES] Damn you, Wolf!
Find him and bring him here!
ASSASSIN 2: Hey! The ring!
You won't be needing these now.
I should have known.
Voila!
-Wolf!
-[CHUCKLING]
You'll pay for this
with your life, Wolf!
Wait a minute, guys,
you haven't seen
my big finish yet!
Watch this! Ta-da!
[FIZZING]
[FIREWORKS EXPLODING]
[ALL CLAMORING]
[SLASHING]
Arrest everybody in sight!
We're back on the air, folks,
and this wedding
has turned into a riot.
Those rumors
about counterfeiting were true.
[CHUCKLING]
Come and get me!
[COUNT GRUNTS]
[LUPIN GRUNTING]
[GUNSHOTS]
He's heading for the tower!
A lone man has escaped
with the princess,
and the Count is going crazy.
[ASSASSIN GROANS]
Hey, here comes
Inspector Zenigata.
[GUESTS SCREAMING]
Don't let them
destroy the evidence!
All right, men! Charge!
[ALL CLAMORING]
The police are outnumbered,
and they're putting up
a tremendous fight.
It looks like trouble,
here comes the Count's
personal guards!
Get in to formation!
[CLAMORING]
Coming through. Keep me covered!
Keep your eyes on Zenigata!
He's broken through
the Count's guard
and now he's waving at us.
He seems to be trying to
call our attention to something.
He must think
the kidnapper took
the princess down those stairs.
I'm gonna follow him
with our remote camera.
[GRUNTING]
Hurry!
He knows
Wolf didn't go that way.
He also knows
the whole world
is watching this.
What do you know,
printing presses!
What could they be
printing I wonder?
Hmm. Let's take a look.
What's this?
It's money! Counterfeit!
Well, what do you think
about that?
We'll never cover this up.
What a break! I found this
purely by accident!
My investigation
of the Count was closed
and I was after Wolf!
Can you believe it?
[WIND HOWLING]
[GUNSHOTS]
Move in!
We've got'em surrounded!
Don't worry, Princess,
I'll get you out of here.
Cover us until we're clear.
No sweat.
Ready?
-CLARISSE: Wait!
-LUPIN: Huh?
CLARISSE: Be careful.
I'll never forget you two,
I love you so much.
-Huh?
-CLARISSE: It's the truth.
There's no way
to thank you enough.
You'd... better go.
Yes.
LUPIN: Hurry, Princess.
Coming!
See ya!
Hmm. She sure is somethin' else.
She's beautiful.
-JIGEN: Huh?
-[GOEMON CLEARS THROAT]
[GUNSHOTS]
It's time we got back to work.
[GOEMON GRUNTS]
GOEMON: Hyah!
[ASSASSINS GROANING]
-Huh?
I'd better warn you,
my sword is thirsty tonight.
COUNT: Mark my words,
Wolf will roast in hell,
before this night is over!
JODOT: I shall attend
to the wedding party, sire.
[BOTH PANTING]
Are you all right?
Just getting my wind back.
We still have to
climb over the wall before...
Hmm.
"When light rejoins shadow..."
-If we join the two together...
-[CLICKS]
Hmm. That's why the Count
had to have both rings!
It's the only way
to read the message.
Something about measuring time.
CLARISSE: Time is measured
by light and shadow.
My father said the goats
represent day and night
in our family's crest.
"Fortune shall be yours
when vision is restored
to the one who faces sunrise."
I think I know
what that means, Princess.
[MOTORBOAT ENGINE CHUGGING]
-It's the Count. Come on!
-[GUNSHOTS]
Why's he climbing
the clock tower?
Is he crazy?
[GUNSHOTS CONTINUE]
This way, Princess,
watch your head!
Show them no mercy!
They don't know
who they're messing with.
-CLARISSE: Look out, Wolf!
-[LASERS FIRING]
Hey! Hot, hot, hot, hot, hot!
Look out!
There's no way
they can get out of here.
I'll deactivate
the laser cannon.
[WATER GUSHING]
CLARISSE: Look out!
-You okay?
-I'm fine.
We can't stay here, come on!
[LUPIN GRUNTS]
Come on!
Get ready to jump off, Princess!
[GRUNTING]
Almost...
[STRAINING]
[BOTH GRUNTING]
GUARD: No! No! Help! Help! No!
Don't look.
[SCREAMING]
We couldn't reach him.
Then take the stairway
to the bell tower.
Don't worry,
you'll be safe here.
I'll be right back.
You stay right there!
[GRUNTING]
[STRAINING]
He's up here!
-[GUNSHOTS]
-[LUPIN STRAINING]
-What's that?
-Huh?
[ALL SCREAMING]
[SIGHS]
CLARISSE: Behind you, Wolf!
Look out!
-COUNT: Hyah!
-LUPIN: Whoa!
Well, Count, looks like
it's time for a showdown.
You're right.
Challenge accepted.
I'm ready
whenever you are, Count.
Come and get me.
[BOTH GRUNTING]
Ready or not, here I come!
En garde!
-COUNT: Hyah!
-Whoa!
[COUNT CHUCKLES]
Hey!
If you want me,
you're gonna have to
come and get me!
[CHUCKLES]
Huh? [SCREAMS]
Ah, ah, ah! Ow! Ooh! Ow!
[CHUCKLES, GASPS]
COUNT: Pity, Clarisse,
I think I've won!
You've got nowhere to go,
and Wolf can't help you now.
Run, Princess, hurry!
COUNT: Too late, Wolf!
Your puny efforts
won't save her.
She can't escape me.
Destiny tells only one story!
[COUNT CHUCKLES]
CLARISSE: [VOICE ECHOING]
Oh... no.
[WIND HOWLING]
COUNT: [VOICE ECHOING]
Going somewhere, Clarisse?
[LAUGHING]
Don't be a fool,
come back here.
Oh, never mind,
I'll come and get you.
Or you can save me the trouble
and jump, Clarisse,
you're going to die
one way or the other.
[LAUGHING MANIACALLY]
[CLARISSE WHIMPERING]
You will give me
those rings now, Clarisse.
Come child, hand them over.
You have no choice,
so stop wasting my time.
Give me those rings!
[VOICE ECHOING]
She doesn't have them!
I've got them.
You can't save her
this time, Wolf,
I'm not falling
for any more of your tricks!
It's no trick.
And I know
the answer to the riddle.
These rings are the key
to recovering the treasure.
And I'll tell you
how to use them,
if you let her go.
Look.
One of the goats faces east.
"The treasure shall be revealed
"when vision is restored
to one who faces the sun."
And these rings are his eyes.
I'll trade you the rings
for the princess,
and you can have
the treasure all for yourself.
Let her go back inside,
and the rings are yours.
Hold it! Let her go now
or the deals off!
Really? I have a better idea.
[GASPING]
[SCREAMS]
[COUNT LAUGHING]
If you have any more tricks
up your sleeve,
you'd better play them, Wolf!
Your time is running out.
Aw, too bad.
[CHUCKLING]
Ah.
I shall miss you, Wolf,
you were a worthy opponent.
But now the game is over
-and it seems I've won.
-CLARISSE: No!
[COUNT GRUNTING]
If you're so anxious
to die, so be it!
LUPIN: No, Cagliostro, no!
[STRAINING]
[SCREAMING]
[LUPIN GRUNTING]
[COUNT GRUNTING]
[CHUCKLES]
[CHUCKLING]
Hmm? Huh?
[WHIRRING]
[GRUNTING, GASPING]
[GASPS]
[GRUNTING]
[SCREAMING]
[SCREAMING STOPS]
[BELL DINGING]
Huh?
What in the world is going on?
[RUMBLING]
Oh, no. The aqueduct.
The floodgate's open!
This is the end of Cagliostro.
It's... over.
Evil destroys itself.
What the... Hmm.
[CLARISSE MOANS]
-Oh, what happened?
-The treasure was underwater.
It's been revealed.
Can you believe it, Clarisse?
An ancient Roman city,
under the lake.
When the Roman's
were driven out,
they had no choice
but to flood it
to keep it from their enemies.
When your ancestors
discovered it,
they decided to preserve
and protect it
for future generations.
It's a priceless treasure
for all mankind.
Unfortunately,
it doesn't do me any good.
It's too big
for me to carry off.
As the last of the Cagliostros,
it belongs to you, Clarisse.
What are you gonna do with it?
CLARISSE:
This wealth cannot be held
in the hands of one person.
It is a treasure
for all mankind.
LUPIN: Well, I guess that's it.
I'm outta here.
I'd love to stay
and spend some time with you,
but Zenigata's gonna be
coming after me,
so I'm gonna have to
say goodbye now.
Those boys from Interpol
don't waste any time.
The whole country's gonna be
knee-deep in cops.
Well, this is no place for me.
I'll have to round up
Jigen and Goemon
so we can get outta here
before they seal off
all the borders.
CLARISSE: Will I ever
see you again?
LUPIN: Not if you're lucky.
Believe me, Princess,
I'm not the kind of guy
you want to get
too friendly with.
I want to go with you.
I can't bear the thought
of never seeing you again!
I love you. I can't help it.
Oh, Wolf!
I'll learn to be a thief
if that's what you want.
I'll do anything
just to be with you.
Hey, come on.
CLARISSE: I was just a child
the first time I saw you,
but I loved you even then.
You really are
my knight in shining armor.
The man
I dreamed of all my life.
You don't want to
get mixed up with a thief
just when you're beginning
a wonderful new life.
Believe me, you've got
a beautiful future ahead of you.
Hey, it's not as if
we're having to say
goodbye forever anyway.
You can call me any time
you need me,
and I'll come runnin'.
And I'll always love you
like a big brother, kid.
One day soon, when you find
your real true love,
you'll be glad
you waited for him.
[KARL BARKING]
Oh, it's Karl!
[CHUCKLING]
We were worried about you.
I'm all right.
[CHUCKLING] Just a little wet.
WALTER: It's so good
to hear your laughter again.
Thank heaven you're safe.
Wolf? Wait!
So long, Princess!
JIGEN: Good bye, kid!
[KISSES] Good luck!
Wait for me!
Have a good life, kid!
You deserve it!
So long, Walter!
[BARKING]
I'll love you forever!
Bye!
-Bye!
-We love you too, Princess!
You take good care
of yourself now, goodbye!
Goodbye!
[ZENIGATA PANTING]
Damn! He got away from me again.
Don't worry, Princess,
I'll get him!
He shouldn't be arrested,
he should be rewarded.
The Count would have succeeded
if it hadn't been for Wolf.
Maybe, but he came here
to steal something
and I believe he did.
Think about it.
He stole something of yours.
Your heart.
Yes.
So, I've got to catch him.
[TIRES SCREECHING]
After him, men!
We can catch him if we hurry!
[SIRENS BLARING]
[JAPANESE SONG PLAYING]
It appears Zenigata
is very fond of Wolf.
I know he'll come back,
and I'll be here
waiting for him when he does.
He will,
because he's my
knight in shining armor.
JIGEN: Maybe you oughta stay
here in Cagliostro, boss,
what do you think?
Well, what I mean is,
if you'd want to,
I'd understand.
Better luck next time, Fuji.
Speak for yourself,
I've got what I came after.
Hmm. Geez! You've got
the counterfeit plates!
Don't forget
your old partner, Wolf!
Have a nice life!
Now wait a second, Fuji!
Let's talk this over!
Don't be that way, sweetheart!
-[SIRENS BLARING]
-[GASPS]
Oh, no.
Jigen, can you
believe that guy? He's nuts!
Faster! We're gonna
get him this time, men!
ZENIGATA: You think
you're pretty clever, Wolf!
LUPIN: Good old Zenigata!
I gotta hand it to him...
ZENIGATA: But you're never
gonna get away from me!
LUPIN: ...he never lets
my life get dull.
ZENIGATA: I'll catch you
if I have to follow you
'til the end of the world
LUPIN: I don't know what
I'd do without him, Jigen!
ZENIGATA: You hear me?